My passion for tech products is driven by my enthusiasm for technology and the desire to create useful and great things. As a graduated electrical engineer with roots in hardware and software development, I extended my skills to business and holistic product thinking/management. I strive at the intersection of stakeholder needs, technology and business while creating new products. I deeply think about the future to ideate new solutions and spot the relevant patterns to build viable products.
Creating innovative products in agile development frameworks is not "new work" for me. Experienced in managing complex projects in volatile conditions, I approach challenges with resilience, curiosity and an open mindset continuously learning and improving.

My fascination and current professional focus is to work on a 21st-century solution for getting from A to B. It is a basic need that will be transformed by automation and digitalization. With 7+ years of experience in various roles, I am an expert in automated driving and its technology and challenges. My knowledge ranges from perception sensors, system design, software development, automotive standards to deep customer and industry insights.

But my interests don't end here.

The possibilities generated by big data inspire me. Used in the right way it can be a very useful tool. In my spare time, I tinker with python and various data to work on some small side-projects.

Speaking of automated driving technology and data, I am highly interested in the impact of new technologies on society and emerging ethical questions to ensure a human-ready future.

Besides all the tech I shred the trails on my mountain bike or hit the gravel roads for an endurance ride, enjoy great design, or just relax with a good cup of coffee.

That's a short intro about myself. I’d love to connect and chat more with you. Whether it’s about product, tech ethics, or anything else.
